feat: Support cosign --k8s-keychain flag (#551)
sse-secure-systems/connaisseur: docs/validators/sigstore_cosign.md

> | `auth.` | | | Authentication credentials for private registries. |
> | `auth.secret_name` | | | Name of a Kubernetes secret in Connaisseur namespace that contains [dockerconfigjson](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#docker-config-secrets) for registry authentication. See additional notes [below](#authentication). |
> | `cert` | | | A certificate in PEM format for private registries. |
> | `k8s_keychain` | false | | When true, pass `--k8s-keychain` argument to `cosign verify`. |

Reviewer: key value might need to be adjusted based on the discussion above to `auth.k8s_keychain`. Furthermore, would like to be a bit more explicit in what it does:
```suggestion
| `auth.` | | | Authentication credentials for private registries. See additional notes [below](#authentication). |
| `auth.secret_name` | | | Name of a Kubernetes secret in Connaisseur namespace that contains [dockerconfigjson](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#docker-config-secrets) for registry authentication. See additional notes [below](#dockerconfigjson). |
| `auth.k8s_keychain` | false | | When true, pass `--k8s-keychain` argument to `cosign verify` in order to use workload identities for authentication. See additional notes [below](#k8s_keychain). |
| `cert` | | | A certificate in PEM format for private registries. |
```

Author: I used your suggested changes. Thanks!

In the above case, the secret name in Connaisseur configuration would be `secret_name: my-secret`.
It is possible to provide one Kubernetes secret with a `config.json` for authentication to multiple private registries and referencing this in multiple validators.

#### k8s_keychain

> Specify `k8s_keychain: true` in the validator configuration to pass the flag `--k8s-keychain` to `cosign` when performing image validation.
> This will allow `cosign` to pick up ambient registry credentials from the environment.

Reviewer: minor proposal:
```suggestion
Specification of `auth.k8s_keychain: true` in the validator configuration passes the `--k8s-keychain` to `cosign` when perfoming image validation.
Thus, [k8schain](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/google/go-containerregistry/pkg/authn/k8schain) is used by `cosign` to pick up ambient registry credentials from the environment and for example use workload identities in case of common cloud providers.
```
I was unable to find any better documentation of what it is and how it works. Would you be aware of anything?

Author: I used your suggested changes here.

Unfortunately, the flag doesn't seem to be documented outside the help message displayed by `cosign`, which says (from https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/blob/3ccf3c6a869eaed6329c4e717bfbc7738f0610a1/cmd/cosign/cli/options/registry.go#L49 ): 

`whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).`

I think linking to the k8schain documentation, along with the link I added to the cosign pull request implementing the flag, is sufficient for now.

Reviewer: agreed
